index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/renger082/renger08/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/renger082/renger08/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Add Files And Edit index.md

index.md, after:

# Welcome to Renger08 GitHub Page !

### Hello everyone I’m Ali. 
[My-GitHub](https://github.com/renger08/My-Github) : this is my best projects in python language from December 2021.

>Remember, 
This repository is **Free** and you can develop it with more futures. Some of these projects are collected from [thepythoncode](https://www.thepythoncode.com) .


[Discord-Bot](https://github.com/renger08/Discord-Bot) : This is my Discord Bot that written with discord.py library.

> Note:
This bot is made with minimal facilities and knowledge. This project can help you build a better bot with more features. This Repository is free and you can develop this bot.

### How to Download Sources?

There are a few ways to download codes:
1. Download with (IDM)
![this is a image](/assets/images/image1.jpg)
2. Download with GitHub Desktop
![this is a image](/assets/images/image2.jpg)
3. Download with URL
![this is a image](/assets/images/image3.jpg)

# Vote to My Repository

[Vote Here](https://take.quiz-maker.com/poll4249848x4D00B105-134)
